runtimes migrator (#205)
kyma-project/infrastructure-manager: hack/runtime-migrator/README.md

# Runtime Migrator
The `runtime-migrator` application

> 1. connects to a gardener project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. connects to a Gardener project
```

2. retrieves all existing shoot specifications
3. migrates the shoot specs to the new Runtime custom resource (Runtime CRs created with this migrator have the `operator.kyma-project.io/created-by-migrator=true` label)
4. saves the new Runtime custom resources to files
5. applies the new Runtime custom resources to the designated KCP cluster

## Build

In order to build the app, run the `go build` in `/hack/runtime-migrator` directory.

```bash

## Usage

```bash
cat input/runtimeIds.json | ./runtime-migrator \
  -gardener-kubeconfig-path=/Users/myuser/gardener-kubeconfig.yml \
  -gardener-project-name=kyma-dev  \
  -kcp-kubeconfig-path=/Users/myuser/kcp-kubeconfig.yml \
  -output-path=/tmp/ \
  -dry-run=true \
  -input-type=json 1> /tmp/stdout.txt 2> /tmp/stderr.txt
```

The above **execution example** will: 
1. take the stdin input (json with runtimeIds array)

> 1. proceed only with Runtime Custom Resources creation for clustest listed in the input 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. proceed only with Runtime CRs creation for clusters listed in the input 
```

> 1. save generated Runtime Custom Resources yamls in `/tmp/` directory. They will not be applied on the KCP cluster (`dry-run` mode)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. save generated Runtime CRs yamls in `/tmp/` directory. They will not be applied on the KCP cluster (`dry-run` mode)
```

| **kcp-kubeconfig-path** | Path to the Kubeconfig file of KCP cluster.                                                                                                                                                                                | `/path/to/kcp/kubeconfig`      |
| **gardener-kubeconfig-path** | Path to the Kubeconfig file of Gardener cluster.                                                                                                                                                                           | `/path/to/gardener/kubeconfig` |
| **gardener-project-name** | Name of the Gardener project.                                                                                                                                                                                              | `gardener-project-name`        |
| **output-path** | Path where generated yamls will be saved. Directory has to exist.                                                                                                                                                          | `/tmp/`                        |

> | **dry-run** | Dry-run flag. Has to be set to **false**, otherwise migrator will not apply the Custom Resources on the KCP cluster.                                                                                                       | `true`                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **dry-run** | Dry-run flag. Has to be set to **false**, otherwise migrator will not apply the CRs on the KCP cluster.                                                                                                       | `true`                         |
```

> | **input-type** | Type of input to be used. Possible values: **all** (will migrate all gardener shoots), and **json** (will migrate only cluster whose runtimeIds were passed as an input, [see the example](input/runtimeids_sample.json)). | `json`                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **input-type** | Type of input to be used. Possible values: **all** (will migrate all Gardener shoots), and **json** (will migrate only clusters whose runtimeIds were passed as an input, [see the example](input/runtimeids_sample.json)). | `json`                         |
```
